Support defining a custom bookmarks menu (fix #1065) (#1155)
nativefier/nativefier: docs/api.md

See https://electronjs.org/docs/api/browser-window#setting-backgroundcolor

#### [bookmarks-menu]

```
--bookmarks-menu <string>
```

> Path to a JSON file containing configuration for a predefined bookmarks menu. In addition to containing a list of bookmarks, this file customizes the name of the menu and (optionally) allows assigning keyboard shortcuts to bookmarks.

Reviewer: Concision nit.

Also, let's mention that folders are not supported

Also, let's mention the syntax to assign a `Alt + something` shortcut.

```suggestion
Path to a JSON file defining a bookmarks menu. In addition to containing a list of bookmarks, this file customizes the name of the menu and (optionally) allows assigning keyboard shortcuts to bookmarks.

This menu is a simple list; folders are not supported.

Your `menuLabel` can be bound to a `Alt + letter` shortcut using the letter `&` before the `letter` you want. Be careful to not conflict with the letter of other menus!
```

Example of such a JSON file:

```json
{
    "menuLabel": "Music",
    "bookmarks": [
        {
            "title": "lofi.cafe",
            "url": "https://lofi.cafe/",
            "type": "link",

>             "shortcut": "Cmd+1"

Reviewer: Please summarize (before the example) the supported modifier keys, and link to electron docs

Author: Done in 27f6af6

See https://electronjs.org/docs/api/browser-window#setting-backgroundcolor

#### [bookmarks-menu]

```
--bookmarks-menu <string>
```

Path to a JSON file defining a bookmarks menu. In addition to containing a list of bookmarks, this file customizes the name of the menu and (optionally) allows assigning keyboard shortcuts to bookmarks.

This menu is a simple list; folders are not supported.

Your `menuLabel` can be bound to a `Alt + letter` shortcut using the letter `&` before the `letter` you want. Be careful to not conflict with the letter of other menus!

Keyboard shortcuts can use the modifier keys `Cmd`, `Ctrl`, `CmdOrCtrl`, `Alt`, `Option`, `AltGr`, `Shift`, and `Super`. See [the Electron documentation](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/accelerator) for more information.

Example of such a JSON file:

```json
{

>     "menuLabel": "Music",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "menuLabel": "&Music",
```
